auronplay's brother speaks out
about the rapprochement between auron and Juan
guarnizo ibai condemns Luis rubiales and will
interview players on the subject
sasel very based exposes ibai's hypocrisy
on this issue Avi talks about the
rubiales case and gives his opinion on the
Lali and Ricky issue exclusive about nimu and
her being funan for criticizing the
Andorran police delox tells exclusively on my
secondary channel Ricky Eddy's chat
with the police to report giving the
review cristianini talks about the Hey
received a few weeks ago arolli
Comment Why does he keep his relationship so
private Mister beast has
mentally exhausted himself and there's a show Speed ​​destroys
his Setup live all done and much
more here on your favorite gossip channel
What's up my kids How are you
I'm here again with you again I
was promising you that I would be
here as active as possible and I think I
'm keeping my promise on this channel you'll
find out about all the gossip and all the
gossip about your youtubers and your streamers
of all the viral things on the internet and I
only ask you if you are interested in
this type of content and want me to
continue doing it Show me by
subscribing with a like with your
comments Let's see it is completely
mandatory that you press the Like button
if you don't press the like button Watch the
video it looks terrible look look how bad it
looks You have to press the like button
and also every day in each video I
am giving you a video game
a code will appear on the screen you have to
catch it on the fly So To stay
tuned And be the first to enter
each video subscribe by activating the
bell I won't give you any more nonsense because I
look like a pool boy get comfortable and
enjoy the gossip
the truth is that I love this
news that I am going to give you but I have to
give it and Bye condemns Rubiales and Vais has
put a medal on himself and feels super
indignant and ashamed with what
Rubiales has done and in what a bad place he
is leaving Spain in addition to this and
gosh he announces that he will
soon interview the women's team that was
just crowned  as world champion
and condemn that you are condemned Not
only the attitude of Luis Rubiales
who claims and goes and that all of Spain is going through a
tremendous embarrassment Because
of Rubiales but also points
to all those who
initially applauded him but then
showed their rejection you are eBay to
point out anyone of hypocrisy when you have
spent six months without wanting to
speak out about Goku in your evening at
the event as the protagonist ibai that you
knew everything that you swallow all the
gossip videos and that you who are the one in
charge of the evening did not want to
speak out or lift a finger on the
subject you paid him a chunk of salary you
gave him a ton of fame and almost all the
other streamers presenters guests
collaborators kept their mouths shut and
many of them were found guilty Because they did not
want to condemn Costco so that you would not
kick them out of your collaborations today it has come
out By the way,
Luis Rubiales has been banned from FIFA after
Well the embarrassment and the
terrible ridicule that he is making us
all go through have  banned from FIFA
and then something that was even more surprising is
that de la Fuente also said I
condemn this attitude without palliatives He was
one of those who was applauding yesterday have
n't we all gone
completely crazy I don't
understand anything well they have banned him for
90 days but it is true that now
the higher committee of sport comes in if I'm not
mistaken it is not called CSD And from
there supposedly this Well then they are going to
follow a series of parameters a series
of steps to follow so that they said
Victor Navarro read that on Wednesday
Rubiales was out the issue is that they have
put an interim person called
Pedro Rocha who has stayed there as
interim because the vice president therefore
well there hasn't been a big change
this of course this is I suppose and I imagine
until there are elections no this gentleman
Well let him assume the position on an
interim basis until there are elections and
this can be resolved but the best thing is
that there are elections Luis Rubiales Well
he is going to fight there until the end and this
gentleman well has assumed the position but the
truth is that what has happened  these days it
is absolutely shameful and
has subjected us to a very,
very important ridicule in fact I mentioned it a
few days ago we are going to have on the channel
two players from the Spanish national team
with us here at home chatting
obviously it was after they were
world champions Nobody expected
this to happen obviously but well
also it will obviously be one of the topics
to discuss because as soon as the
World Cup ended this possibility arose
many times the collaborations that
appear on the channel are collaborations that are
offered by artists or
soccer players and others have offered to
come directly here to the channel I
mean these guys are like the
resistance but at home I mean yesterday
this happened with Luis Rubiales I mean there is
dancing it produces a lot of embarrassment
something that has nothing to do with him what
Rubiales has done produces a lot of
embarrassment for him but what he has done
with the evening not the one who explains it
well explained like that he does in this
video that I applaud with my ears I
recommend that you watch it I have been
watching it and the truth is that I was missing
a lot of information on the subject of
rubiales because the most round thing I've ever
seen in my life has been a brick
and with this video you find out very clearly that
everyone right now pays attention to him
everyone is dancing to his tune because they
want to participate in his event a lot of
events that he himself is organizing they are
all part of a
strange society of streamer clubs that are
scary to the core and then Community
managers around people from agencies it
's all quite pathetic and disgusting it
has to be said like that well now we have
rubiales rubiales head of the
Spanish football federation
and he gives him a kiss on the mouth whatever
you want is worth it and then in the box
next to the queen next to the infanta and
celebrating touching himself grabbing his
balls a disgrace a disaster but
ibai ibai that it be you people like you not
just you people around you all the people
who have participated in the so-called
evening of the year precisely this year
what you have to do or I'm going to do the
tutorial take your tongue and start
to stretch it and stretch it you
pull it until it reaches your
ass and  you stick your tongue you stick it up your
ass you stick your tongue up your
ass each and every one of you who
participated in your wonderful evening
because in your wonderful evening
a boy named coscu participated
you know who coscu is you know perfectly well
what he had done with some
disgusting photos You have to be a real idiot to
publish that photo and yet there were
deaf ears and a blind eye the lawyers got involved
or coscu's lawyer and
you couldn't back out because if not I would have
known there was money involved and
since you only believe in money That's why I
ask you ibai and I want you to
answer me personally what is more
serious what rubiales did with the
Spanish national team player or
what coscu did with that girl coscu
your participant star of the evening
of the year boxing match against Germán
now you Here I'm going to mark you a
good citizen pin it's to know what the
difference is that you see between
coscu participating in your event Knowing what's going on
and even so
Finally fight and now tell me
what  kind of moral plane you can
talk about Rubiales the one about the
evening of the year we've all gone
crazy and go on and as you say with the
Spanish coach with de la Fuente
we haven't all gone crazy but if it was
him who was giving but if it was you
like you are going to talk nothing about Rubiales
after the supposed meeting between
Auronplay Sara Beijing with Juan Guarnizo
Yari many people would be waiting to see
if Auronplay's brother who had us
accustomed to his stories on
Instagram quite curious at least he
spoke out on the subject and what
his opinion would be Auron's brother
has spoken out well if we
can call this speaking out simply
with this phrase I have been putting up with many
messages from people trying to get me to speak
badly or say something about whether my brother
will be friends again or not with such as me as
if he makes friends with Miguel Carcaño
two prostitutes a wild boar and becomes a
Jehovah's Witness I am nobody to get
involved I only jumped if I see that he is
attacked So don't waste your time
Thank you What would give to understand that he
only gets involved when there is  people who are
hurting their brother but
if the brother then wants to forgive them,
well, he's there anyway. I
repeat the same thing. What I think is
coming now is a cordiality. It's not like
they're brothers now and they're going on
vacation together. Maybe
as the months go by, yes, but right now I
think things are
still a bit tight. Nimu has only been
in Andorra for a few days. She came to
do the podcast and to do some
business relationships and she's already on
the front page of the country's main newspaper
wearing a hat and a face mask. They put
a frame of her in the IRL that she did
with Delox and they point her out for having
criticized the Andorran police in a
specific part of SRL. Come on, you couldn't think of
a better thing to say than to
say that the police are scratching their
balls for good reasons. This would not have
sat well with the inhabitants of Andorra
and right now it would be being founded in
this new country, one of the first
times that your soul has set foot on it because here the
police literally only do what is
now
very good, well, the cops, we focus on
proliferating here, the police like there is no
crime they act as traffic officers
then right three police officers standing still with their
car looking Well into Nothing thinking they do
n't know what to do the police here and
well they have to be alert in case they
steal my phone or not in the irrele No
here they scratch their balls but for good
reasons over there in Latin America they also
scratch their balls very different they are not
but they already scratch their balls while they [ __ ] on you
stealing in La Toma there are
serious people every day and for example
once they robbed his car like they
broke the car window and they
stole a crazy thing live on top
of Pokémon Go and they stole his cell phone
while they were capturing let's
see I sincerely don't know what
you all think but here I encourage her I forgive her
nimu did some dirty things but she looks
divine
but really what she said is not
bad at all she is simply saying that
the police have little work because there is
little crime And that well in a
way well I don't say I don't know what
you all think we have Abi today
twice and it is that she has spoken out about
both the Rubiales case and the
Ricky Eddy case And  Surely this newscast will
simply be a bit of filler
because it is not necessary in either case to
watch the video to know what
Abi thinks on each of these two
topics. But anyway, let's watch it because it's
my job and I have to be here
justifying what I earn. Abi starts
watching a tiktok that she analyzes and does a
forensic analysis with zooms and with
signs that would
clearly make her understand that Jenny had not
given consent for that kiss
and she would also be like super against
Rubiales for having criticized
feminism. The speech was all bad,
the false feminism thing said
no, it's a shame. It's a shame that
everything is so overshadowed by, I mean, with the
grain that it means to be so
overshadowed by this shitty story, it's
very sad, but well, do you think she should
resign for a peck, not with sense of
Arcángel, saying pequito instead of pico is
to downplay the act or
why do you say pequito instead of pico? Rubiales
grabs tightly, preventing a
lot of tilting, right? I hadn't
seen it like the ones they are selling
homage to false feminism which is a
great scourge in this country
a kiss
[Music]
if it had really been consensual
Why would I lie How could I have consented
Ah I say what she said and what
seems like any case she could also feel
imprisonment because the whole country supports her for
something that in that of course has not
happened or in other words due to media pressure
someone who is super mega colleague you are going to make him
resign and destroy the image
career or whatever I don't know it can be
but
if they are so colleagues as to give each other
a kiss in a celebratory way and we no longer
knew very forced the payment for parties if it
grabs her whole head if it grabs her
whole head I mean How do you get out of it how do you get
out of that today personally I don't
feel like arguing and arguing with a
[ __ ] Random from the chat about feminism the
truth is it is known that it is so difficult to
understand that we are going to fight for
consent until the end of
days for both genders and it is not about
that one gender can't do anything and
it is going to be destroyed about the subject
of Ricky Eddy and Lali the chat asks her
why she thinks that Lali does not renounce
alleged abuser which Abi excuses on
traumas and in certain situations that
according to her well there are statistics
that tell you that the majority of
rapes and abuses are not usually
reported I have been trying to find
some statistic that clarifies that but I do
not know what a statistic like that is based on I mean
if there is abuse that is not reported
how do they enter into the account of a
statistic if it is not reported nobody
knows that it exists nothing does not exist
therefore they cannot enter into a
statistic to make the count of if there
are many or few that are reported I do not
know if I have explained myself well Therefore
Abby what comments on this case is
that in these cases what we have to do
is support the victim and that's it what do you
think about Lino reporting having been
given in the specific case I am not going
to give an opinion because I have not even seen the video
of him and her yes it is true that for
example with Ricky corte I did not have
that much of a tiger until he mentioned when he
spent the 10 million with Carlos in a
super derogatory way means of the
relationship and when I entered at that
moment there was no problem but I  I'm
going to give my opinion on them, I mean I
just hope that if what she says
is really true that they are as well as possible, I hope it
's there for each other and it's the case
in the majority of cases of rape,
sexual abuse, I don't know, I don't know how to report it, that's
a reality, I mean
probably if you ask
all your friends at some point they
will have groped them or done something that
could be considered abuse that was not
consensual but they didn't report it, in many
rapes it will be the same situation, he
may go to abuse you or rape you and you don't
report it, well in the end the mourning that you go through, that
is, the whole situation, all
the emotional scene that you go through after
something, a traumatic event is very
complicated, it's very complex. There are many
people who have a whole process of
first accepting what has happened because
there are people who, for example, go through it and believe
that it was something normal and don't
realize what really happened, that
then there are people who deny it, they may have
a text of denial, there are other people who
want to forget, so
instead of reporting it, I prefer to act as
if it didn't happen, then you also have to have
that, well, just like in the  The
institute doesn't explain how to do your
income tax return, they don't explain what the
process of going to report something is, how you
can feel protected, how can you, in the
end, also in many cases, I didn't want to
do it alone, but you're ashamed
to tell your family or someone to
accompany you. You don't know exactly
how it works, I don't know, it's a very,
very complicated situation and that's why I think that whether
you're a man or a woman, if you have suffered
abuse, you shouldn't be judged by the
decisions you make afterwards, whether
you report it or not, you report it or you
talk about the issue or you don't talk about it because in the
end it's a pain for which only you
know how it feels, the rest of us can't, we can
try to empathize but we'll never
understand and all we can do is try to
support the person and hope they
recover. I don't know what you think and
if you agree with Aby's opinion,
but I think she has forgotten
an example to give, apart from all the ones she
has given, there are also girlfriends
who cheat on their boyfriends and
instead of telling the truth when they get
caught, they make up anything and everything
and take lying very far, what could
be an option? I don't know  for 10
million I would think about it We've had a
while without any of
Agustín 51's tantrums and today he
exploded at an alleged stalker who according to
him had been Stream Sniping him for three days
but like man you're really annoying bro
What's wrong with you dude really the new guy
the new [ __ ] of the day dude fifth
time I report you the new [ __ ]
dude let's see dude really the new
[ __ ] idiot dude from New dude let's
hear the voice of the new [ __ ] dude
really and all because
Epic games doesn't take his account away I've
reported him eight times Already dude another guy the new
[ __ ] dude the new [ __ ] dude the
new brother the new let's
hear him speak the new guy the new
brother the new the new from New
revelation the new [ __ ] three days
four hours dude every [ __ ] day bro let's see
now what does this
[ __ ] [ __ ] want three days in a row five
hours a day watching chimeneaping come on he does
n't do it because because he's like this in his
house
that's how his house is [ __ ] himself
Why Because he's not able to speak  Agustín
calls him [ __ ] on several occasions and
this time he looks more desperate
than ever because he says he doesn't know what to do
to fight this situation,
it's a [ __ ] plot against me,
man, I can never go out well
three days in a row, I just reported an
account, there's no way and my mind starts
to wander because I say, well, yes, I
've already reported the account three times and the
account doesn't go down and it keeps screwing up my streams
because it's screwing up my
streams because you think it doesn't, but it
screws up my streams, or rather, the
streams, it literally makes it so that I can't
win games and that I can't
do anything but wait for some
kid to kill me. Okay, I'm screwed up by the
chiming, the audience retention,
everything that I am and what I do on
Twitch is screwed up by a person from their
home at 13 years old. What should
Agustín 51 do to not be
socially criticized? That's what I'm
asking, what should I do because if I
add him to ask him to stop, I don't give
him attention, otherwise he reports the
game  the game doesn't remove it from the middle if
I stay like this I don't win a game for
hours because the kid doesn't What do I have to
do according to society to not be
criticized I'm in a [ __ ] dead end I do
n't know what to do I try to get out
here reporting the account I don't get out I
try to get out here adding him to
ask him please I don't get out They would
criticize me anyway he tried to get out he claims that he is
not willing to put a delay which
is the usual solution that is at
hand right now and it's what they usually do
but he says that he is not willing to
do it and that he has already reported it to Epic
games what do I do now let's see explain it to me
man it's the same as always bro it's the same as always what do I do let's
see what do I do create
content and earn money but if I
can't add it no because then I pay attention
to a streaming nipper
report it I have already reported it three days in
a row what do I do How do I get out of here what do I
do man because I have to be in
this [ __ ] Really Why do I have to
be in this [ __ ] wrapped up in
the last live I did on my
secondary channel Javier canijo here I
will be putting the channel here you
have some  thumbnails of the latest
videos so you can go subscribe I had
one
and among other things we were talking
about the latest news on the
Ricky Eddy issue and Lali about what he had
dinner with him a few days ago he clarified for us
How was the situation when Ricky
Eddy showed up at the
police station to file a complaint against
Dallas reported So apparently
somehow Ricky would consult the
police if it would be convenient to do
debates with Dallas or something like that
and the police told him that it didn't make
any sense so then
we went to dinner and everything and then I
knew that you were staying was around
Andorra and I told him and I told Dallas
look Ricky is around here if you
want because I'll put you in context
one thing if you want I tell him if you can stop by and say
hello nicely no So I'm
telling you this because Dallas wrote to me a few
days ago and said Would you like to
organize a debate with Ricky with me in
person without fear of success that was
proposed to me by Dallas before Dallas
made public that he was inviting Ricky
to a debate and before and  I don't know what
before all this okay I mean
literally he came to me and proposed that to me
that the subject was very
delicate and at that moment I still hadn't
had an answer from Ricky okay or
if I had had an answer it had been a
thank you I don't know something like that okay then I
said damn look this is the opportunity to
raise the debate in person I mean
literally I'll go with the two of them I'll bring them together and I
say look I can act as
moderator if you want just like I was
able to bring you together here if you want we can set
this up and that was when Ricky told me
that he couldn't no because he didn't
want to but because
Dallas couldn't come and I said to him Why didn't he say
no because he has to we can't be in
the same room and I said And that What
did he report you or something No I the truth is that it's
an issue of reports like everyone else
people are reporting each other I didn't
miss a bit the debate issue it doesn't look like it's
going to take place what I
can tell you is that in no case is there
one thing that is being said and it's a
lie and that is the fact that it is said that
Rick doesn't want to do the debate I
Ricky I said look you know that Dallas
had proposed to me to do this podcast of the
two of you together What a shame he couldn't
come so we could
talk about it and he says no no don't worry because
maybe I was thinking of doing it on my own
Ricky tells me I was thinking of doing it
in fact we already had The Wanted Plate
organized and they wanted to do it from their
Club Five they wanted to do it from
there but because of what happened with
this issue of the restraining order and
all this no no I don't think that the issue
of the restraining order there is some
information here that has been explained badly
Yeah he hasn't gone and he said I want to
put a restraining order on
Dallas that didn't happen like that There I'm going
to give you the exclusive that he went to the
police and said Look they've threatened me with
this they've told me this they've made this
video they've told me that and it shows everything there is the
point is you have something
that the police can take my mind
seriously right they have it yes from
here whether you do it or not is
another issue now you're telling me that
Ricky with what he earns has gone to the
police station for a  [ __ ] complaint like the one
who had his car window broken I
don't know if he went to place an announcement or
went to report it I just don't know him I do
n't know the technicalities What is he like without going any
further just to give you an idea I
'm not an expert on how the police deal with
these issues because luckily I've
never been involved in them let's see I'll say it
what need would I have to lie you
can go to the police station and say that they
are threatening you and such chaos if you're not
telling the part that you did I mean
if you're not telling that you start
to hesitate also that you started
making fun of that combination that I
highly doubt that anyone goes
that has asked the police or I mean
if they can have a debate with him or not
Hey look he threatened me that he
wants to rip my arms off but I would
like to have a debate on YouTube I
mean the dick I mean he did that
like the mouth to reiki really better not to
debate that he does it it's absurd I mean he's not
going to report or sue I think they
will end up doing it I mean yes  he's
saying that you don't want the debate in
person but on a call Yes in the end at
this point Dallas will accept because
Dallas is not going to take the call and he's going to say the
call on the call one hasn't said
anything Ricky No Who said by call was
Dallas it could be I think
Dallas would accept both on the call and
in person Although I think it would be
much cooler in person because I
love it more in person which is why in the
end what we called a
restraining order would not be a
literal restraining order but rather it would be
a recommendation, advice that in other words,
something that he has imposed on
himself that we already knew everything that it
was completely impossible for a
restraining order to work as it
was being said from the beginning delux
affirms that Ricky Eddy would be
willing to debate on a call, on a
video call, but not in person,
which doesn't make any sense guys, not
with a complaint for threats nor
compatible with a
civil lawsuit for the things that
Dallas is telling him, that makes sense
to me you are creating content, you
are dedicating yourself to this, you are crossing
videos with the other one, the fact is  that I'm
responding to him and all the videos and
all the tweets I already had about him made it
impossible for you to win any lawsuit have
a debate already Ricky Eddy give us what we
want don't be a pain in the ass anymore
in addition to which he was
telling us that within the next few
hours when
the teaser for his next podcast is finished which will be
with nimu he also says that the podcast and the
interview that animus has done is
full of headlines and that it will give a
lot to eat to the gossip channels
that in addition inimus have
agreed for that teaser to be
released here with me Okay but not on
this channel we will probably release it
Javier canijo so that's why I'm sending it
there and that you stay tuned and that you are
subscribed by the way he has also
assured me that I will have my cameo in
that interview and that nimo will try to
clarify the situation with me we will
see what we listen to for dinner there
In fact dinner also came we are
there they have gotten together not very Ricky in the
same space Yes yes very well Suddenly we
ended up
having some  laughs at
thegrefg's house the same state at home you
're messing with me
How much spirit at Greg's house But
how does that man topics in which he has been
wrong and Luis openly and I think
that there people say Ok Look, he
really did it wrong but there are many
things that have been criticized, cheer up
that again there is a lack of context, things are missing
and there are even some that are
outright lies, not what will be accused So
I think it could be interesting for
people to see, there is a cameo by Javier
Oliveira, there is coming out, no I mean, I can
trust obviously Obviously there are
changes, she explains in detail
why she told you what she told you and
why she follows wismichu Luis ardo I
can give you my opinion Luis ardo is a
complete [ __ ] That's my opinion
That's my statement, it seems to me like an
[ __ ] the moment you
leak personal issues two years
after they happened without
anyone asking you, for me that is a shitty
person, my opinion from there on, what has been
leaked, no, and the damage that has been
caused are not secondary issues The idea
is  publish it on the 1st ideally the
1st of next month and I think the
nimu teaser like I told you the other
day in the comments is a teaser that
when people see it and see the topics that are
talked about and what happens in
that podcast it will be the teaser that will be
able to surpass the hype that there has been
for any other episode and I encourage him I
made him understand the other side Dallas
I know Dallas stays wings I didn't
ask him I have a conversation on
discord with Dallas where I say You have
something against limón on a personal level
and he said I don't suck at you I mean I don't care I mean I don't care I do
n't like him
but I don't hate him either I'm going to
wish him the worst Okay so it is like that and I
tell you those tweets are 100% coincidence and he
gave him the follow because I told him I
think that if you want to start changing
because he wants to make a redemption he
wants to do a 2.0 change the Avatar he
wants to change the
value proposition of his channel a bit I think that if she
really wants to start off on the
right foot she has to
first accept what she's done  badly
admit their mistakes ask for forgiveness for
whatever needs to be asked for forgiveness and damn
understand that Dallas has not gone there to cut their
throats
about several of the controversies that she has
had in recent months about
presenting television programs about
her ex-partner all the topics that we have
commented on here on this channel and on my
other channels After seeing some words
of support from magicci he was
commenting that at this point everyone doesn't give a damn about it even
though their support and
affection for Cris Cris was about experience
as a presenter what is not written
people always come and say things that are irrelevant
things that are super
out of line and it's like Joe macho when a
person is doing well there are many people who
have my full support I say I don't want to look at
Twitter or anything because it makes me so angry it makes
me very very very very very very
angry there are people I mean it's not that no I don't
know it's already happened I mean there comes a
point but I already swore I mean I don't give a damn
Maybe I even think
that this was missing for me to make that
mental change you know it's that I don't give a damn I mean I don't give a damn
Exactly I don't give a damn
first day better so it was a bit of a
blow
Why why why insult me
right now it's coming I mean there's come a
point where it's been so heavy that my
head has said Either we really sweat
like crazy about little 100% or we get a real
depression and we want to
die and the second one Well we're not going to
give anyone the pleasure the truth So
we're only left with the first one okay as if they
want to call me or if they want to say that I'm dead it's that I don't give a damn I mean I don't give a damn I'm
not going to look at it anymore
like Well come on, he
says that before he cared more about these
types of things and the sheikh received but
that at this point he's at a point in
life where he doesn't care anymore and I mean
I'm even a little grateful for everything that's
happened you know because I think that if it
hadn't happened I wouldn't have reached this
point because I think that always many
times we are at the point of we try not to give a
damn but it always affects you
a little because it makes you angry you get I don't know
what gets you you don't quite understand many
things but there comes a point where it's
all been so  absurd and so many heidicas that it's
like and so much [ __ ] that it's like let's see it ca
n't be worse or rather there comes a
point where I say or rather worse than this that
everything I have this week can't
be or rather it's impossible but already
Like 50,000 things came together it
's worse it's impossible there's nothing worse it's already
impossible you've
called me everything you come to me
and tell me I'm stupid it's going to affect
me I don't give a damn I don't give a damn those who
think I'm no good I don't give a damn those who think I'm not
good at it I don't give a damn
those who think I should
get something I don't give a damn those who think they should
close my social media I don't give a damn those
who want me to not dedicate myself to this I don't give a
damn I don't know who should look for a
normal job they don't give a damn [ __ ]
you Ask yourself why people tell you that I've
understood [ __ ] not
everyone obviously but there are a lot of
people who get really angry when you do
things and they are deficits then I have
finally managed to understand Yes yes when
you understand that it is  people who are
totally [ __ ], I mean you have a change of
mentality, say it when you
really understand because yes you can say yes they
are idiots But you say Well they are
idiots Why do you tell me when you already
come to the conclusion that they really are
idiots is that there are not more people that is
their only neuron they use it to not make a
box on themselves a very curious thing that I have not been
able to verify yet at the
moment that I am recording This video is
that Cristina has deleted the last
live I don't know if she would talk about the
Rubiales issue or what but I am
also looking forward to knowing what her position is going to be and
what her opinion is going to be after what
you already know has been her
position on other similar or
not similar issues but even worse in the
last String she was asked about how she deals with
separating her private life from
her life on social networks and she was
commenting that on this occasion she was very
clear about giving as little detail about her
personal life and her life as a couple
as possible on networks because normally she
receives a lot of harassment regarding these issues
reconciling your life on social networks
with your private life Well look, come on I'll
take you  I had always led my
life very private, I mean, before X
person I had never shown
my partners on social media, like if I had
shown them it was like very superficially,
never like that, it's the same, a little
bit, I had always kept my, my
relationships, my private life, my friends,
etc., private. My private life
was quite private until x moment when it
stopped being private and when it stopped being
private I took it really badly, the truth is,
so every time I want to keep it more
private, as private as possible is better,
for when it's kept private to me,
whenever I've kept it private, I'll
see you. It's not that things have gone better for me, but I
prefer it, I mean, it's like that way they don't
get into your life, no, they don't investigate, no
nothing, you don't have to report anyone for
obsession. But well, I understand it, eh, people
who say that if not and they don't upload your profile on
social media it's because they don't want to, they don't
want to
brag about such and such, she was commenting that she
has never criticized other partners on
social media, that she has nothing to hide,
that she has never cheated on anyone, I have had
partners for many years and I have never
uploaded anything with those partners and I have never
disrespected them, ever  I have
cheated I have never been unfaithful and I have not
had that need to hide it
people think that you do not upload things with your
partner or that you do not upload things in general
because
because you want to maintain a private life
with other people or I don't know what and that they do not
see that you have a partner so that they do not
call you unfaithful or whatever it has nothing to do
with it it is like that but I understand it too and he comments that one thing is to say that you do not have a partner that at this point that would seem like a lack of respect for Carola but that is one thing and another is to start uploading content as a
couple or in other words mixing there the life of
Well there are many people who it is normal In
fact not that when two experiments
content creators are together that they
upload content together, that they upload photos
together Or it is emotionally private but
not hidden one thing is to say I do not have a
partner having a partner that already seems to me
even a lack of respect and another very
different thing is I have a partner but here it is up to
here and you go you are not going to
talk about the subject or anything you know and the same
with friends and to end up
talking about a subject a quite
delicate subject a situation of harassment that he
suffered in Bilbao with  a boy who was
no more no less than three days at the
door of his house if there's something that
makes me want to leave the networks leave the
famous like obviously we are not
famous much less like we are
known in an area if there is something for
which I would like to leave all this and
leave everything aside and focus on
other things that have nothing to do with
this of talking about you about your life of
being private I don't know what that thank God
lately is not so much it would be because eh like
today if I'm burned out it's because of
that after many years of full
intensity of knowing your life I can stand
very little I have very little endurance the
limits I already tell you Or rather to me the I
realized the moment when I
still lived in Bilbao and a boy came to
stay three days in my doorway that
day I realized how big
the issue was that my parents wouldn't let me
leave the house for two weeks Because
obviously if someone comes to your
doorway for three days It will be
sleeping in the car to catch you at
some point And he leaves you a note in the
car that I never showed my car  the one in
Bilbao I never showed it I had shown my
car How do you know which one is mine if there are
20 million identical cars in the
neighborhood How do you know which one is mine I mean he
did a lot of research and that
really scared me leaving
a note on the car that suddenly My
father goes to get the car and says what is
this you know better known as mrbeast he
has been breaking
all kinds of records in the last few months at the best moment
of his career which is saying something I mean the
best moment of his career breaking
records with videos of more than 24 or 48
crazy things in millions of views and
today on his Twitter account because I do
intend to continue calling it Twitter until we
all get used to it he put the
following message to be able to upload
weekly videos at the end of this year
I have been filming every day and I only
have a couple of days off to film
from now until the end of the year and I am
mentally dying I hope you
like these videos when they upload them I
am trying my best to do it the
truth is that when you want to achieve
something You have to put all your meat into it
grill and that's what we try to do
on this and all of my channels
every day to finish off to put
the finishing touch to the video that we
had today where we included for
example Agustín 51 we're going to give him a little
lesson Agustín 51 on what
real anger is And how to destroy your
Setup in no time Speed ​​was
celebrating in his last live stream
reaching 20 million crazy 20
million subscribers on his
YouTube channel platform on which he does the
Stream
I love you
Bye
let's hope Spice is well at least
physically and well family here
we're leaving the video for today I hope
you liked it I imagine that if you
've gotten to this point of the video it's because if you
liked it remember that on
this channel I'll be uploading this type of
video almost every day as long as there's
content and as long as there's
news stay So if you like it
subscribe okay Congratulations whoever
got the video game here I
'll try to put on screen how to
redeem it remember that on this channel you
can also become members  If you
want to participate and if you want to
help keep this working, you
can also give a super thanks. It
would be like the Super chats in the
live shows, but here in the videos, okay,
here on the screen the editor will be showing you
how it looks like the button. And by the
way, the contexts for everyone. I mean, if
you want to ask me something or want me to
answer something in the Super Thanks, I'll
answer it, okay. I always answer all the Super
Thanks, family. A
big kiss, a huge hug, I love you
all, bye until the next video.
[Music]